c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.exe.config
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.exe
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.pdb
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Mono.Security.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Amqp.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Devices.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\PCLCrypto.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\obj\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\obj\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.exe
c:\users\m1034336\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\IoThubDeviceRegistration\IoThubDeviceRegistration\obj\Debug\IoThubDeviceRegistration.pdb
